README.md, before:

# Hubot-Assistant

Hubot Assistant uses Google's Assistant API to integrate an assistant into hubot.  This can be used to add an AI assistant to a slack channel.  

### Prerequisites

You will need a hubot to use this function with. You can download existing hubots or create your own here: https://hubot.github.com/.

You will also need to obtain a Google API oAuth JSON to authenticate your assistant - this can be obtained here: https://console.cloud.google.com/apis. This JSON needs to be copied into the secrets.json file located in node_modules/hubot-assistant/src.

The first time you run this it will open an authentication link and you will need to paste and enter the code into the console. 

You will also need to add hubot-assistant to the external-scripts of your hubot.

### Installing

```
npm install --save hubot-assistant
```

## Warnings

Some commands will send the assistant into a loop such as: 

```
google play mad libs

google tune my guitar
```

You can get out of this loop by saying:

```
google quit
```
(it could take a couple of tries).


In order to prevent this from happening you can blacklist certain words such as 

```
blacklist add play

blacklist remove play

blacklist list
```

Only admins have access to the blacklist and admin list. First time use you will need to add a slack username to the admins.txt located in node_modules/hubot-assistant/src.

```
admins add skbrown333

admins remove skbrown333

admins list
```

## Authors

* **Steffan Brown** - *Initial work* - (https://github.com/skbrown333/hubot-assistant)

Commit message:

Updated to store paths in environment variables

README.md, after:

# Hubot-Assistant

Hubot Assistant uses Google's Assistant API to integrate an assistant into hubot.  This can be used to add an AI assistant to a slack channel.  

### Prerequisites

You will need a hubot to use this function with. You can download existing hubots or create your own here: https://hubot.github.com/.

You will also need to obtain a Google API oAuth JSON to authenticate your assistant - this can be obtained here: https://console.cloud.google.com/apis. This JSON needs to be copied into the secrets.json and the path to this file must be stored in an environment variable named HUBOT_ASSISTANT_SECRET. You will also need to create an environment variable named HUBOT_ASSISTANT_TOKEN to store the path to the tokens.json file.

```
export HUBOT_ASSISTANT_SECRET="/some/path/secret.json"
export HUBOT_ASSISTANT_TOKEN="/some/path/token.js"
```

The first time you run this it will open an authentication link and you will need to paste and enter the code into the console. 

You will also need to add hubot-assistant to the external-scripts of your hubot.

### Installing

```
npm install --save hubot-assistant
```

## Warnings

Some commands will send the assistant into a loop such as: 

```
google play mad libs

google tune my guitar
```

You can get out of this loop by saying:

```
google quit
```
(it could take a couple of tries).


In order to prevent this from happening you can blacklist certain words such as 

```
blacklist add play

blacklist remove play

blacklist list
```

Only admins have access to the blacklist and admin list. First time use you will need to add a slack username to the admins.txt located in node_modules/hubot-assistant/src.

```
admins add skbrown333

admins remove skbrown333

admins list
```

## Authors

* **Steffan Brown** - *Initial work* - (https://github.com/skbrown333/hubot-assistant)
